RHDHBUGS-3366: Add a note on flavours usage in RHDH 1.10 documentation (#2416)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/ref-pre-configured-settings-for-common-use-cases.adoc

{product} Operator 1.10.0 and later includes pre-configured settings for common use cases.
Each configuration automatically applies required plugins, dependencies, and app-config settings.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap settings take precedence over flavour configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom `dynamic-plugins` config map settings take precedence over flavour configurations.
```

> Custom `dynamic-plugins` config map settings take precedence over `spec.flavours` configurations.

Reviewer 2: My [previous comment](https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/pull/2416#discussion_r3460561903) applies here as well.

> If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, plugins in the custom ConfigMap override flavour-provided plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` config map using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, plugins in the custom config map override flavour-provided plugins.
```

> Enabling or disabling a flavour does not affect plugins explicitly defined in your custom ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling or disabling a flavour does not affect plugins explicitly defined in your custom config map.
```

> To use flavour configurations, remove the relevant plugins from your custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use flavour configurations, remove the relevant plugins from your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map.
```
